minor editorial nits in TLS section 4 (Carrying TLS Messages) (#4156)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

partial ClientHello messages from clients with a validated address.

QUIC packet and framing add at least 36 bytes of overhead to the ClientHello
message.  That overhead increases if the client chooses a source connection ID

> longer zero byters.  Overheads also do not include the token or a destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
longer than zero bytes.  Overheads also do not include the token or a destination
```
